next I knew your father my father died
and we got it for him
your father died yesterday on the
rooftop of the metropolitan building he
was one of the greatest of Saracens who
ever lived
than the other one it's behind you
welcome to the fraternity this gun
you're holding belonged to your father
he could conduct a symphony orchestra
with it right she too tired how am I
supposed to do that if no one ever told
you that bullets fly straight what would
you do
it is a choice Wesley that each of us
must face to remain ordinary pathetic
beat down coasting through a miserable
existence like sheep herded by fate
or you can take control of your own
destiny and join us
releasing the Caged wolf you have inside
our purpose is to maintain stability in
an unstable world kill one save a
thousand within the fabric of this world
every life hangs by a thread we are that
thread a fraternity of assassins the
weapons of fate this is the decision
that lies before you now
the sheep
or the wolf
the choice is yours